Add example of developing multiple functions locally (#99)
GoogleCloudPlatform/functions-framework-python: examples/skaffold/README.md

> # Multiple Cloud Functions, Same Host

Reviewer: The H1 here and example content are not exactly what I would imagine.

Similar to https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/functions-framework-python/issues/98#issuecomment-733872312, I wouldn't expect that the minimum requirement to run multiple functions on the same host involves Kubernetes/`minikube`/`skaffold`. I'd expect a lighter weight setup, like how the FF is very lightweight – maybe require 1 dependency like Docker.

---

That said, can we change this example / PR title to something more aligned to the content, like "Developing Multiple Functions using Minikube and Skaffold"

> # Multiple Cloud Functions, Same Host

Author: ```suggestion
# Developing multiple functions on the same host using Minikube and Skaffold
```

## Introduction

> This example shows you how to deploy multiple Cloud Functions to a single host.

Reviewer: This example shows how to develop multiple functions on a Kubernetes cluster with a single host.

- We're not using the Cloud Functions product anymore (FF's can be deployed to many environments).
- This seems like an opinionated way for a multiple function, single host app. Let's label that, as we may want a simpler multiple function, single host app in a different example.

> This example shows you how to deploy multiple Cloud Functions to a single host.

Author: ```suggestion
This example shows you how to develop multiple Cloud Functions to a single host
using Minikube and Skaffold.
```
